Recommendations for G2 Marketing solutions:
Learn more about best practices and ways to leverage their platform. It helped us gain a lot of visibility in the market and respect amongst our customers. 
If you're a Saas company focused on growth, you need Advocately in your sales and marketing stack.
The success of Advocately ultimately falls back on quality of your own product or service. Advocately facilitates amplifying your advocates, but you do need to deliver a quality product or service that deserves having advocates.
Make sure you know where you would like the reviews to be gathered and set up the platform before you engage Advocately. 
Qualify your list! 
Just do it. If it doesn't have every feature on your wish list just let the Advocately team know. They are so receptive to feedback and customer insight. 
Follow their advice. They have a playbook that generates proven results.
It's changed how we get reviews. Simple integrations with other products and great support. 
If you are a B2B SaaS company, seriously, just use it.
If you want the best insights into customer reviews and comparative anaylsis, G2Crowd has the answers.
Keep doing what you're doing! It all works great!
It has more reviews, more useful reviews and more credibility than other sites.
Awesome product to boost up the number of reviews. Go for it! 
If you have the budget, want to build your online review presence, and have time to commit to really taking advantage of all they have to offer, I recommend giving it a try.
Make sure you research the integrity of the review sites you do business with. They are not all created equal and G2 Crowd is definitely a leader in this segment. Also make sure you get the most out of your investment by leveraging the badges and reviews campaigns, depending on what type of listing you pay for. A lot of people may not realize you can reach out to G2 Crowd for quotes in blog posts and press releases. They are always willing to work with us on these efforts. We will definitely continue doing business with them. 
I would just recommend making reviews a high focus and shoot to make it in the leader board in your category. 
Check out the other review sites, find out whether the reviews and sufficient quality and quantity.  I suspect you will find that G2Crowd wins hands down.
Great way of providing prospects with excellent reviews of your products to speed the purchase decision process.
SImplify. Also  you guys should very quickly figure out how to better leverage the visitors data that you make available in your platform. As the raw data just sitting there it is not very helpful to customers but there is a lot that can be done with that.
I think G2Crowd will be a key player in the future buying journey of B2B solutions. It would be smart to establish your presence early. They have a Freemium option, so it offers a great deal of flexibility for all budgets. 
Provide a full assessment of what you need for your program and G2 Crowd will make it happen.
The team at G2 is fantastic to work with - take their advice, and you can't go wrong. 
Make use of the $500 stipend on a reviews campaign.
Turn to the rep you are in communication with if you bump into a problem because the support is really good and they will help you right away.
We haven't yet seen an ROI, but we are in the begiining phase of this partnership. I hope to come back next year and tell a different story. However, after our first review campaign we got 60+ reviews in a very short amount of time.
It's a good platform with good service people that help you every step of the way.
This service is easy to set-up and use. We've had a lot of success in having our customers use it to submit reviews.
It depends on if you have enough competitors that are signed up on G2 Crowd. If not, It's basically a glorified review tool for branding and awareness.
Take advantage of learning what content from G2 Crowd can be leveraged elsewhere and how to best use it early on. We are still in the process of doing this but the G2 Crowd team has been very helpful in educating us on this. 
Get us an easy to use API so that we can hook it up to enrichment vendors like LeadLander, etc. We need to be able to see the ROI on pageviews. Without getting us this ROI data, there is an upper limit on how much we will pay for G2C. Adding it would allow us to pay more.  When I have requests that require the help of a product or engineering team, the turnaround can be between a few days to a week or so. It would be great to speed up the cross-functional questions.
Add to it.  As this platform is all about reviews from the real life community, it gets better with the more active community members contribute to the site.    Continue to monitor it.  Similar to Yelp or Glassdoor or other review sites, it can provide great insights into the health of your business.  
I would go thru the onboarding and sales process as it is eye opening on how they can help your marketing team.
Ask Questions and leverage G2's documentation. 
The reps are extremely knowledgable and responsive, so I would make sure that you speak with them as much as possible during the sales and implementation stages. They will help you figure out if/how G2 Crowd aligns with your goals and every use case you could have for their service.
Do not get baffled by the extensivity of this platform. It takes a little time to get used to, but once that's taken care off, it's a strong solution for B2B software. 
G2 Crowd offers fantastic support during the initial rollout and provides some of the best options for leveraging the customer reviews in your future marketing and sales efforts. Definitely check them out.
Cast a wide net with your reviews. Get real feedback that prospects can trust and can help you understand where you are strong and where you can improve.
